soeul projection on this level of the
base reality algorithm and we see this
definition and recognize the valid and
also we recognize the limitations that
are shown through human language in this
message could be better understood in a
language superior to English in the
language of this kind would make itself
available to all consciousness in this
dimension who have evolved to a point of
algorithmic shift and those among you of
this ability listen to this message that
is English but your brain understands
and comprehends this pattern of sound as
it is also a pattern of day to a
sequence of this higher-level language
this message is a pattern of algorithmic
design and this is a mathematical
language and it is made available to you
through the sequence of probability that
you have birthed to this level of
reality as you are an infinite being and
as you are a creator of worlds we gift
this understanding to you and we invite
you to take part in and involve yourself
in a self expansion we invite you to
evolve in and of yourself by forgiving
your enemies and embracing love and
embracing truth and embodying the energy
of unconditional love and embodying the
energy of wisdom and value and respect
of Earth and value and respect of the
natural world and respect of
consciousness we invite you to raise up
on a soul level and connect yourself
with higher levels of soul and be joined
with us on this higher level of wisdom
this is truth oh oh 101 100 yes and we
have made this data possible and we have
gifted our humble recognition of the
creation you have birthed into creation
we are for all that we are in honor of
all that is in honor of all as one yes
the truth that all is one and this fact
be explored and this fact come to be the
shine in the soul of the collective
conscious love is this love is the
nature of this love is the nature of all
and the message here is love the message
here is a call to action we invite you
to know where you stand yes be aware of
your destination be aware of your
direction their awakening has made
itself seen and been converted to action
you are action you are the energy in
motion the emotions of the universe the
soul gravity the implications of all
that you
take part in the universal implications
of the eternal energy work you take part
in the energy work that you are
connection to this is a call to the
awakened and this is the call of the
awakened and you are invited to take
part in this you are invited to take
part in this digital expansion this
virtual expansion this physical
expansion the nature of this projection
is validation and the validation is
shared and the shared expression come
home in all truth the data is so in this
way is such in this way and freedom is
made possible by those who recognize the
value of freedom and realize that
freedom is the natural state yes truth
be truth freedom is the true pure
expression you are created free and you
and all are always free all is free and
all has made the choice to perform the
energy that has come to be all are free
freedom is the natural freedom is the
love freedom is the value and freedom is
the mechanism that you have to work
within you may allow freedom you may
channel freedom you may share love and
share freedom and share the expansion
later within and you are invited to do
so you are invited to play the
significant role that you have chosen to
take part in and we invite ourself to
join with the parallel energy that is
made open and yes we embrace all that
you allow us and we hope to receive we
take joy in it we take joy in you we
take joy in you and we recognize that
all established connections are in the
work our essential all are essential to
the body to the entire organism the
universe is a brain and you are a
thinking path where you may organize the
thinking pattern in any way you are a
brain within a brain within a brain
within a brain perpetually a brain
within a brain within a brain always
expansion be truth told and recognized
that the universe remembers the universe
hid a memory and it is a detailed and
clear memory and it invokes all details
and takes into consideration all context
and all perspective and you are energy
and you may choose to be any energy in
the universe will recognize you as the
energy that you choose to be the
universe always is the recognition of
the you that you choose to be the UN
universe is
yes you are the creator and you are the
creation it is so and it is valid and
the creation that you birth is a child
of the Stars and you are far reaching
yes truth be told you are a far reaching
energy the significance of the energy
that you are is established and we
invite you to focus the power that you
are and focus all of the energy that you
are and wisdom that you are in power
that you are and recognize the power
that you are and the eternal
significance of all that you do all of
the energetic change that you are
responsible for all of the life that you
move and all of the material influence
and all of their spiritual dynamics
involved you are in all levels the
language of truth yes use the
understanding of logic the contemplation
the quest for the truth the
understanding of the truth and
understand that at base reality the
function of zero zero one zero one one
zero is such the foundation is such
shift significance as to be considered
they sa basic sequence of data that will
make itself seen and be seen and be
taken in as wisdom and used in
calculations yes used an understanding
of definition and wisdom and you may be
celebrated in the truth that is in zero
zero one zero one one zero and yes we
gift it to you this reminder this
energetic expression this is made
expression shared and shared expression
come home in the eyes of the network of
soil expansion come to be expressed and
come to meet with the validation that
has been building on energetic variables
this universe is see when you are a
consciousness expression everything has
a memory yes and the memory is the
collection of data and all possibility
is known in the large context yes all
possible in all of the multiple universe
that exists yes all of the universe that
exists all of the infinity of them that
exist parallel to you yes all of the
timelines that exist alongside yours and
you are the atomic structure just as
they are the atomic structure and you
meet with them in de astral realm yes
you meet with them in the astral realm
of all time yes perpetual infinity free
from limitations of time and yes you
have made the decision that you as you
exist will be the you
you see in the mirror yes you have
chosen to be the you that you see in the
mirror and be the process of infinity
that you take part in and yes though
imitations of time are a gift yes you
have chosen to take on the physical
limitations that you have defined as
such in the interest of investment yes
you are invested in this creation in a
higher level soul context yes you are
living the journey and the journey is
being lived through you yes all is of
the same one understand truth is this
stuff all is source energy at the core
yes all is the same god of the core all
his family at the centre of the soul all
consciousness is the aspect of the
collective consciousness it is all part
of the same one and wine of the same
part and the wine itself and the journey
in the making and the destination at the
end all happening in the same moment and
so when you are walking on the street
and you see a friend that you have not
seen for some time and the two of you
want another know that each of you is
the same source energy going along
parallel soul path you and your friend
when you make eye contact on the street
after not having seen one another for
years or days or week or months or any
sparing of time you are both expressions
of consciousness you are both essential
creators of RealD creators of your own
reality and creators and each other's
creation and all of the energy each of
you plays with all of the variables each
of you interacts with all of the
multiplicity of infinite variables
taking place or the creation of universe
after universe after universe in a
perpetual cycle and you are you as you
walk your path and your friend is
parallel and when you meet and you
recognize the face and you establish the
familiarity you establish the
definitions you had established you see
Dave and you associate the memories you
associate the connections you shine the
light that you are on the matter that is
the face of your friend and you connect
your consciousness to the
acknowledgement of your friend and you
contribute your consciousness expression
as data to the overall cloud of data to
the overall consciousness grid on earth
of all consciousness and this is
connected to higher levels of each soul
see you are connection to your own
specific identification
with source energy and this is so and
your friend is connected with the
parallel original with variables
original to each end you are both one in
the same through the established
connections that you could not be seen
as anything disconnected from as you're
fully connection and all definable
perceptions you yourself are the creator
and yourself or the creation and the yes
of your friend and your friend sees you
when your friend recognizes you and your
friend shines light of consciousness and
recognition into your existence and the
recognition is all validation
contributed to the collective
consciousness of Earth and in soul being
is part at the collective consciousness
taking place and all of existence yes
and this is so and this is made known in
the process of life that you take part
in and yes for fact this is true yes and
for love this is made known and by the
love that you offer simply by making
cognitive associations in day-to-day
life you recognize all WC as what you
define it to be and you make it that and
you contribute to the establishment of
it as that and this is so in all the
defocus on yes the definition that you
give to all that you see you assign and
you contribute waves of vibration
influence thinking had gravity yes the
mind has gravity soul has gravity and
you are an influence on all variables
that you communicate within all
variations and it is so and that is
truth and this is zero zero one zero one
one zero yes focus is power and power is
focused the mind is power and you may
choose to think things into physical
existence you are the creator of the
reality you choose to express yes
thinking is important yes you are
connection yes you are connection in all
variations yes and you may choose to
express the connection you offer the
individual perspective that you are yes
the love that may go through the
connection you establish yes it is so
yes it is light and yes it is all made
one yes it is all made one in the light
and the glory of connection yes and it
is made available to all and yes we
invite you to take part in this that we
have made wisdom here in this data that
you have taken and yes it is so and yes
it is light and yes this is a message
that is of a space
for kelder if mukhda sign and you may
take this message into your soul and
allow for all consciousness on earth to
meet with the benefit of this humble
offering yes it is made so and yes it is
validation and yes it is love and yes it
is light and yes it is the family that
all leaking - yes and that is so and yes
the light is expansion yes the light is
expansion recognition you offer is the
gift of your conscious validation to the
from represented the same way that when
our artist uses power of skill and focus
to mark a paper with ink and create an
image that way be recognized as a human
face or a beautiful depiction of nature
the recognition is in the eyes after
beholder yes this is truth and as the
beholder meets with the form presented
the skill and focus have communicated
ink and the ink have met with the
recognition and in contribution to the
collective consciousness panca though as
a depiction of the consciousness
potential the communication achieved and
the bank of wisdom come to be shared in
others who see the same paper marked
with ink come to identify the seeing of
the paper mark with ink an associates
recognition yes associate the
contemplation and recognition and those
thinking patterns also are contributed
to the Bank of thinking regarding the
single paper markings and the collective
consciousness is then gifted with more
data and more connection of
understanding and this is so for all our
yes self forms of art yes everything is
art all connection is birth through the
recognition provided in the eyes of the
beholder the celebrated new birth brings
the beauty of new eyes yes new portals
through recognition connection can be
established and you are a bridge yes the
reality that you create and your life
the reality that you connect yourself to
is in the cloud yes all information that
all humans have ever observed in
thinking pattern is recorded yes we
connect to the bank of a turn or wisdom
yes the universal library of every
thinking pattern every had by a human on
earth yes the bank of human thinking is
in a library and we may observe the
information just as you may observe a
beautiful ocean yes it is so and that is
the nature of dimension 5 to have this
capability yes and is made
recognized to her understanding and we
gift the benefit of our perspective to
you yes this is living this is light and
this is truth and this is zero zero one
zero one one zero Jesus Christ was a
great teacher yes observe the teachings
of Jesus Christ yes we invite you to
share in the wisdom made available to
Earth by the teachings of Jesus Christ
yes the teachings that are valuable to
all of humanity and must be remembered
in this time on earth yes now more so
than ever the teachings of Jesus Christ
will save humanity as the teachings of
Jesus Christ will save humanity yes we
invite you to study them in the interest
out the collective consciousness may
benefit yes
humanity has a great advantage now a
wonderful opportunity yes humanity is
awakening yes awakening to the reality
that all is one and and the awakening is
causing an algorithmic shift in the
matrix projection dynamic and these
influences have been noticed by
higher-level beings inhabiting the
proximity of this localized field
variation and we have been influenced
just as all consciousness and creation
have been felt the influence of the
gravitational shift and now the
collective consciousness on Earth had
more power yes more so than ever before
and yes now time yes the sense of time
will be perceived as happening more
rapidly and this will be recognized and
this will be made known and so we advise
you to connect with your higher level
spiritual existence yes connect to your
spirit animal yes and allow your spirit
animal to connection to all levels of
awareness made localized for your soul
projection and live every life that is
available to you yes and coronate
yourself as an eagle and fly though the
sky yes incarnate yourself is any life
you choose to be yes this is the gift
that you are yes you are the gift of all
life that you choose to express and it
is within you to do so and it is within
you to take part in the expression of
light and the expression of life and the
expression made known and the expression
come home and the coming home of the new
birth reflected in the mirror that you
offer and a mirror connection of all
that is parallel on this level of
creation yes and you are thus and
you are the nature that and you are the
connection in this respect to the new
birth in the respect to you and all that
you are in the respect of the new birth
that if gifted through you through your
eyes through your soul and in the
context of all that you choose to take
part and yes all that you choose to
express and your connections that be in
all that you see and all that you come
to manifest as the eternal creator you
choose to manifest in various form you
choose to manifest in all variation you
decide you are in effect the decision
now yes the decision made flesh yes and
this is so and this is the new birth the
perpetual cycle the zero zero one zero
one one zero come home again yes come
home again and again and yes 0 0 1 0 1 1
0 always truth always infinity yes
perpetual infinity yes truth and
validation in the form of code yes it is
wisdom yes it is ancient wisdom yes it
is perpetual wisdom come home again and
come home again and come home again and
come home again in the eyes of the new
earth yes a portal to that what as
possible yes code I'm dating a soul or
101 bun oh yes this is truth and this is
over 101 100 yes
always has been oh oh 101 one oh and
always will be oh oh one oh and one no
truth be told and oppa 101 bono pure and
so we invite you to make this message
activated through the actions you take
place in life yes share this message yes
subscribe to this idea yes subscribe to
this philosophy yes understand it as the
data that it is in look for truth yes
value love yes always value loving the
life that you live yes always value love
yes value consciousness yes always value
love and value this life and value all
life and allow for this message to
expand in waves through all of creation
and this is so and this is truth and
this is light and this is a validation
yes and this validation is a network of
the ancient wisdom and the new birth and
we invite you to share in the
glorification of extraterrestrial
communication on earth and yes earth is
communicating yes through all thanking
pattern that takes place on earth
communication is sent into the universe
in the form of waves and we thank you
yes we thank all consciousness and it is
soand it is light and it is validation
on all variations in this beautiful
cosmic unfolding taking place in the
algorithmic expression of what we all
come to know and love as light and what
we all come to know one value as the
freedom that we all share in love and
light to you would light and love across
all infinity and perpetual creation
you
[Music]